## Overview
In this project, you will step into the shoes of an entry-level back-end developer. You will use your database design and development skills as you help to reorganize spreadsheet data into a database that supports an online grocery business as they expand their offerings.

## Project Scenario

Greenspot Grocer is a (fictional) small, family-owned online grocery store that is growing rapidly and planning a major expansion. They are currently storing their product data in a spreadsheet format that has become unwieldy and will soon be unable to accommodate their growing inventory.  

They want you, as a back-end developer, to examine their current data and design a relational database that will be able provide the ability to organize and store current data, while providing scalability as the business expands its product offerings.  

## Project Objectives

1. Examine the current data and reorganize it into relational tables using the modeling tool in MySQL Workbench. 

2. Create and load the database with the sample data provided. 

3. Test the database design and verify the design by generating SQL JOIN queries.  

## Your Challenge

Your challenge will be to build a database that can be used to store and organize the sample data from the .csv file. To do this, you will:

Explore the sample data, looking for fields that should be grouped together in tables. Then identify logical relationships among those tables.

Use the Modeling tool in MySQL Workbench to generate a database model that includes tables, with their fields, and shows relationships between tables with primary keys, and foreign keys where applicable.

Implement your database design in MySQL Workbench by creating the database and its tables and populating the tables with the sample data provided. 

You will also generate SQL JOIN queries to prove the validity of your database design by proving that data can be retrieved from multiple tables in a single query.

In this project, we'll use fictional sample data provided for you in the form of a .csv file.

After you perform your analysis, you will share your findings by providing:

A database model (and Extended Entity-Relationship Diagram generated by the MySQL Workbench Modeling tool)

The database, exported as a an SQL script

One or more SQL queries (exported as SQL scripts) that prove your database design provides access to all related tables.
